Clouds

My name in a paradox,
can time afford a paradox?
Not to my knowledge,
because every one can afford something,
but at the same time they won’t,
don’t,
and wouldn’t.
Because of ignorance or selfrightuesnes?
No, they wouldn’t dare,
or would they?
Human instinct is a very interesting thing,
but is it safe?
that might just be the case, when you walk,
talk, and act all cool,
showing everyone that you are not me,
but you’re self.
maybe I’ll find a reason to question you’re
soul purpose for not breathing in the same rythim as me!!
But then again who wants to be like me?
Not me...
I’m not a poet, just a kid,
not a person just a follower of the crowd,
not a bird but only a balloon in the sky,
where you float alone with the clouds.
There, and only there, can you wait.
Wait and try to see what awaits you,
in the future of the time you can’t control.
And when you see something, don’t let it pass you by because you were too busy thinking about the clouds you just made love too in you’re imagination!!
That might be the downfall of you
and those around you.
For you are them and they are you,
all is one, and one can make all,
with another just alike.
But progress in life can’t be measured in numbers
nor countless times you make someone laugh!
I’ts up to you to make life what it is, 
and so you affect not only me or them but everyone...
Wether you’re fat, skinny, ugly beautifull or just another average guy, you make a diffrence.
Maybe not a big one, but small and tiny, that buidls up with all that everyone else makes as well...
Making life good and just is not for all to copryhend, but every man on this planet can and would settle for something if it wasn’t for
human instinct.
Enough for me is too much for someone else, just like my shoes are my protection from hurtin me, but not mother earth.
The sky is clear aas you stand in front of me and ask “ What is life, and how should I live it?”
The only answer I have is “Look up too the sky, search you’re soul and you’ll find the right cloud to make you’re home on”
Wether it be gray and old or white and cold, just make good use of the only thing you have...
Youreself.